Studio 2 write up

Your TA's name:



Students in your studio group:

    Name        Student ID (begins with a 4)
	
1. Mingyu Cao	452198
2. Weiqiang Li	443012
3. Han Wang		448064
4. Yiheng Huang 452257
5.
6.

Below each question, type in your short, to-the-point answers.

Part A

What do you see in the plots for ticks and time?
The plots of both ticks and time are quadratic. 

How would you characterize those curves?
n^2/2+2.5*n+1 (when n!=0)

Based on the current code for addLast, why do you see this behavior?
because there is a loop inside a loop. In the for loop, there is one ticker.tick(). The ticks created by this ticker.tick is n; there is also a ticker.tick(3) function 
no matter head equals null or not. so the ticks created by this are 3n. In the while loop of addLast function, the ticks are added like 0+0+1+2+3+...+(n-2)
thus the ticks by this is (n-1)(n-2)/2
in total, it would be n^2/2+2.5*n+1
and when n = 0, it won't go into the for loop. so the tick is counted as 0


Part B

What behavior do you see now for appending n items to a list if you use a tail reference?
The ticks is linear in terms of n.

While we have reasoned so far only about time, if we are adding n elements to the end of a list, what is the asymptotic complexity of the additional space required when using the tail reference?
O(1)

Under what conditions would you recommend using a linked list with a tail reference vs. a linked list without at tail reference?
using a linked list with a tail reference when we need to handle with the tail of the linked list, such as when we want to add a new node to the last of the list.


Part C

Why does getSize() take the time it does?
the getSize() function keeps searching if there is next node in the list, and if does, increment the count.
Therefore, the getSize ticks n times, which is linear.


How did you achieve Θ(1) performance for getSize()?
Define an int named count in the class, and when we add a new item into the list, we increment the count. So the getSize() only need to return count.


